---
name: Alison Mass
title: Social Media
role: MSU, degree expected Spring 2018

---

50% Dutch, 40% animal obsessed, 20% plant mom, and 10% Ben & Jerry’s.

Oh, those don’t add up to 100%? Whatever, I was never good at math.

I actually used to cry doing long division in 3rd grade. Needless to say, I
always knew I wanted to do something more creative when I grew up.

Right now, I’m exactly where I want to be (even through I will never admit to
fully growing up) — surrounded by brilliant people, between beautiful cities and
on the waiting list for a Great Dane puppy this spring. When I first heard of
Redhead I didn’t think I’d have a chance because I am so very blonde. Now, I
call myself a Red with pride. As a graduating senior at Michigan State, I’m
soaking in every last minute before I become a real adult. I’m an advertising
management major with a graphic design minor and a whole lot of travel dreams.

I absolutely adore Michigan but after living and working in Sydney, Australia
last year, I know there’s so much more of the world I want to see. I love
airports and the butterflies right before takeoff. Whether it’s snowboarding in
the Canadian Rockies, bungee jumping in New Zealand or snorkeling reefs in
Mexico, my travel is never just vacation. As much as I enjoy glamorously
drinking on a beach, I’d rather be jumping out of a plane.

I took up social piloting naturally. Even though I loath the term “millennial,”
I fit into that little box occasionally. I love Instagram, I use the term
aesthetic way more than I should and captions are my favorite kind of copy to
write. Artsy coffee shops are my favorite way to spend a Saturday. Basic? Maybe.
Where? Check my Snapchat story.

The analytics side of the social sphere is what gets me going, but the
uniqueness of what people “like” keeps me going. There is never an algorithm for
what people are passionate about. There might be predictions, sure. But there
will never be a set formula for how people interact, which is my favorite part.
When I’m in the studio, I’m taking pictures, scheduling posts, posting and
getting my hands on anything designy I can learn.

Fun facts, I can play most Drake songs on the piano but don’t ask, I won’t. I am
passionate about old timey neon signs, polaroid pictures and the color gray.
