---
name: Liz Welling
title: Designer
role: Creative Problem Solving

---
By day, I brand companies and create marketing collateral and design websites
and photograph food and style shoots and drink another water and downward dog
and write copy and sketch ideas and package files and edit reports and
manipulate type and chop kale and run three miles and curate color palettes and
mix something sweet with Two James gin.<br />
By night, I put on some chill music and exhale.

It’s the constant flux I feed off of—that shift from project to project to
project that comes along with working in a creative agency. The wide variety
keeps brainwaves fresh for our clients, and getting to work alongside movers and
shakers to light their ideas on fire is a thing of beauty. If I’m not in flow
behind the screen, I’m reaching for my camera or pulling out my phone to
document the now (and in the inevitable moment Siri tells me there’s not enough
available storage to take a photo, I’ll sweetly ask to use yours. Text it to
me?).

I received my BFA in graphic design and photography from Michigan State
University—my two loves. This was after I did that angsty thing that scares too
many people and worries too many parents: I left college. Two years in a health
sciences degree and I walked. Feeling the need to experience and travel and
learn on my own and unearth what Liz wants from life, I found my calling in the
arts and never looked back.

When it’s time for a detox, I either head upstate to my roots for some time on
Lake Huron or find a new trail in West Michigan. Or I say screw it and catch a
flight to some southern beach. I live intentionally with an essentialist
approach, which means a yoga mat, sweet tech, my stereo, and Birks are not up
for negotiation. And if you want to hit the road, I’m game. Lemme just grab my
camera.
