---
name: Racha Kardahji
title: Account Services Director
role: Client strategy, project development
feed: http://blog.redhead.studio/author/racha-kardahji/feed/

---

The creative field was not at the top of my list when I was thinking about the
inevitable adulting phase of life. My thinking was far from it, actually. I
imagined being part of the United Nations, saving the world and eliminating
world hunger or something pretty profound. I have always enjoyed solving
problems and helping people. I started school with the intention of a political
science major, then finally landed with a Bachelor of Science/Marketing and
Management, with a minor in Business Administration from Northwood University
and a Masterâ€™s of Business Administration with a concentration of Strategic
Management from Davenport University.

Luckily, Redhead allows me to to work on projects that are fulfilling,
challenging and have an impact on the world around me. Whether it's a campaign
to end the stigma of breastfeeding or a campaign about the benefits of
maintaining clean lakes, or helping the Refugee Development Center with
marketing.

Other than saving the world, I love to clean and organize. My husband and bonus
child are not fans of Saturday mornings at our house. They cannot understand why
we have chores when clearly they have been completed by some magic dust fairy as
the house seems to always be clean. There is no magic dust fairy. That magical
being is me. I like things organized, clean and easy to find. I don't need
people calling me after I die asking for things like where their keys might be
(it's usually the kitchen table). My hope is, at that point in my life/death
cycle, I am no longer obligated or needed to answer questions as I'm busy
sunning myself with a ice cold cocktail in hand.

My work life isn't that far from my home life. Sometimes I am referred to as the
Google. Because when I don't know all the things, I find out. I'm also a pretty
stealth Googler. I love a good challenge. It's important to me that the team has
everything they might need at the ready, clear and is easy to locate. And if
it's not, I figure it out. My day might include all of the following: balancing
budgets, writing marketing plans, walking a client through a
proposal/timeline/document/creativebrief, helping a designer with an issue,
proofreading, writing, brainstorming the next best thing, making cocktails,
planning birthdays, helping with wireframes, and saying no.
