---
name: Shelby Komar
title: Social Media Manager
role: Community Engagement, Channel Development

---

Ninety nine percent of the time I ask the boss lady what the restrictions are on
how to do something she says, “Up to you.” I get to mess up, and usually it’s
ok. Because in the creative world “messing up” is actually just a part of the
process. I get to work on really cool projects that affect real people in
meaningful ways. Also, I get to wear jeans and Vans to work and its totally
acceptable.  Oh—no cubicles rocks. It’s good for me, but bad for everyone
because they have to listen to my not-so-good jokes. Sorry guys.

I’m almost done being a student at MSU and will graduate May 2018 with a degree
in Advertising and a minor in Analytics. I read AdAge and AdWeek more than my
textbooks. Thank god all my pre reqs are done because I truly hate 600 person
lecture halls and 100 question exams on agriculture in the 1940s.

So what do I do? Well, I am a strategist. But, I am also a copywriter,
photographer, analyst, project manager, and kinda-sortaish designer. I work with
our team to plan and execute effective social media strategies to meet both
short-term goals and overarching strategy. Sometimes the overarching strategy is
directly social media related while other times it is a part of a giant
marketing goal. Day-to-day I oversee account activity and social communities for
a handful of accounts. Also, I write. A lot.

I really like watermelon. Seriously, I love it. One time my mom covered a
watermelon in frosting for my birthday cake and it was the best birthday ever.
Also, I definitely drink way too much coffee. You know when you go to the doctor
and they ask you how much coffee you drink a day and you say two cups but it’s
actually seven? Yeah same.
